Oh
hey guys Dave Kincaid with Abel cine
here were at the Zeiss booth and we're
talking to the Zeiss guys about their
new digital motor driver for the compact
zoom line so this motor drive is
mountable on any of the compact zooms
each zoom will have its own base plate
will show you I you know a little bit of
details about that as well each zoom has
its own base plate and the motor drive
itself can be mounted on to any one of
them any one of the zooms in that align
we have the ability to drive it with a
canon zoom demand or a fujinon zoom
demand we also could do it with a
Preston if we wanted to and this is a
mock-up uh but right now it's not a full
version just yet we're probably going to
be looking for into the year for
delivery on this will show you a little
bit more about the functionality of it
and the ability to quick release it on
and off of the lenses here in just a
second this is the base plate for the 28
280 this is specific for each one of the
of the Zeiss compact zooms but the the
digital motor drive is universally
mountable onto any of them so you could
have this motor drive and lenses that
are mounted with the base plates and
you'll be using this drive for any of
the lenses quick releasing it on and off
of each one you can quick release it via
just the little Lieber arm right here
pushing in on it and then turning it
that's what locks it so we're able to
quickly sis on and off of any of our any
of our zoom lenses that we have in the
in the zeiss compact zoom line so this
is a new digital servo driver for the
zeiss compact zoom lenses available from
able cine thank you guys so much for
watching us